
-- General notes --

- (The game in a nutshell)
  The game is a 2 player co-op puzzle game,
  where the puzzles stem from different ways
  of interacting in a world built from blocks.

- (Single player)
  The game can also be played in single player mode
  where the player can split into two characters
  at will. The split characters can be joined back
  together (only when standing next to each other).

- (Game world)
  The game's world has an object grid. Objects in the
  object grid are bound to the grid and have no
  other physics, except collisions. Conversely, the
  world also has objects that are not bound to the 
  grid. These objects are manipulated via physics
  interactions, which may be caused by grid-bound
  objects, the player or by other non-grid objects.

- (Game Master)
  The game should have a "Game Master" character
  that guides the player throughout the whole game.
  The Game Master controls the entire world and
  can do anything in it, and to build it to
  be anything. This is a premise that should be made
  clear visually to the player, by always having the
  Game Master build everything in front of the eyes 
  of the player. The Game Master provides goals,
  motivation and companionship for the player.
  The Game Master also provides the player with
  choices that impact the flow of the game and the
  style of the puzzles and levels. As the players
  make choices, the puzzles are designed according to the
  combination of choices they have made thus far.
  The Game Master also teaches the player about new
  game mechanics. Ultimately, the game is about the
  relationship between the players and the Game Master.
  The worlds, levels and goals created by the
  Game Master are simply vehicles for interacting
  with the Game Master.

- (Story)
  There needs to be an overarching story about the
  relationship between the players and the Game Master,
  even if a subtle one.

- (Choices)
  The player must be allowed to go back and try out
  different branches of choices.


-- Game Master's choice tree --

- (Questions)

1. Logic or Nature?
2. Randomness or Predictability?
3. Friends or Enemies?

- (Tree)

- Root
 - Logic or Nature?
  - Logic
  - Nature