
-- Blocks --

1. Mini-world: a block that is a world of its own, that
   the player can enter into. The player can manipulate
   this mini-world block just as any other block.
   The player can take a mini-world block into another
   mini-world, to recursively create smaller mini-worlds.
   If a mini-world contains another mini-world block
   in it, then transporting it will also transport
   the mini-world block along with it. The mini-world
   block, among other things, provides the player with
   the ability to transport large amounts of blocks
   at once.

2. Energy Shooter: block that shoots energy projectiles,
   that can provide energy to other blocks.

3. Energy pipe: a block that redirects
   energy projectiles.

4. Energy radiator: a block that radiates energy
   around it in a certain radius upon receiving
   energy.

5a. Appearer: a block that becomes physical upon
    receiving energy.

5b. Disappearer: a block that becomes non-physical
    upon receiving energy

6. Teleporter: a teleportation block that
   teleports anything entering into it to a
   corresponding connected teleport block.

7. Cloner: a cloner block that clones (and teleports)
   anything entering into an input cloner block
   so that it is output from the corresponding
   output cloner blocks.

8. Launcher: a launch block that launches forward anything
   entering in front of it.

9. Gridifier: a block that transforms a received
   physical non-grid object into a grid-bound object.
   Could be used to grid-bound the player so that
   the player's body becomes a grid object
   that can be manipulated just like any other
   grid object (i.e. block).

10. Water: a water block that hydrates the surrounding
    blocks and colliding objects.

11. Plants: blocks that can grow and/or provide fruit,
    such as trees, bushes or grass. Plant blocks need
    to be placed on dirt, and they need water near
    them. They can be harvested for fruit.

12. Random?: a block that does something random in
    some way.


-- Guns --

1. Ungridifier: a gun that gives physics to
   an block, making it no longer a part of
   the grid, but instead a physical object that
   can be moved around via physics interactions.

2. Rotator: a gun that rotates the hit block.


-- Beings --

1. Animals, which can be enemies, pets or
   manipulated as part of a puzzle in some way.
   The player could permanently take an animal,
   name it and make it a pet that follows along
   in all subsequent levels. Maybe the pets
   could also be controllable by the player, and
   have special abilites that help with puzzles.

2. Humans, which can be friendly or enemies. They
   can also be talked with.

3. Robots, which can be friendly or enemies.


-- Places --

1. A home/hub realm that the player can always
   return to from a level. The player can freely build
   a home in the hub, to decorate it as they like and to
   display gathered objects/trophies in it. The player
   could maybe plant a garden to grow something in it.


-- Scenes --

1. (Opening scene)
   In the opening scene, the Game Master creates bodies
   for the players and provides them with choices
   about their colors. Then, the Game Master comments
   that the players need a world to interact in, and
   creates a world built from blocks. The Game Master
   then teaches the players the first game mechanics
   and then sends them off to the first level/world.